The purpose of this is to analyze the data given to help understand better of what Steve’s parents are investing in. Our goal was to not only look in other green energy data, but also look at DAQ0. To help analyze the data, we used VBA to calculate different formulas to get a visual of what certain results would look like.

In our program, we wanted to analyze the years 2017 and 2018, to see how much stock was raised in those years. If the years had a positive outcome, then we could tell that it was good to invest when they did.

When refactoring a code, an advantage would be that it can make a code more readable and easier to understand. Refactoring a code is that you change the structure a certain way and it can change the output results. A disadvantage would be that you change a code that may seem it could be easier to understand, but the outcome may not be the end result you wanted it to be. 

In this challenge, a positive of the original code was that it was simple and got straight to the results that we wanted to analyze. The disadvantage of the original code was that it didn’t break down each step on what it was looking at and why it was doing it. A positive of the refactor code was that we were able to structure it in a way that was readable, we could understand what each part of the code was doing it and why we needed to do it. A disadvantage was that it took more steps to get the results we got and on the way to the results, the code could have had mistakes and alter our end results. Overall, I think if you have a lot of data like we did in this challenge, it is better to break down the code and structure it the way we would understand it.
